feat(FEC-11399): allow ignoring server config (#480)
kaltura/kaltura-player-js: docs/configuration.md

> > - `observedThresholds` **[Array][1]&lt;[number][2]>** An array of numbers which indicate at what percentage of the target's visibility the observer's callback should be executed.
> > - `playerThreshold` **[number][2]** The minimal viewable percentage of the player to consider as visible.

##

> ### config.ignoreServerConfig
>
> ##### Type: `boolean`
>
> ##### Default: `false`
>

> > ##### Description: Indicates whether to stop using the server configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ##### Description:  Instructs the player to ignore the server configuration.
```

Author: Fixing in playkit-js-providers
